Specify election procedure for the Code of Conduct Committee (#41917)
sagemath/sage: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

reason, you feel uncomfortable making a report to the whole committee,
then you can also contact individual committee members.

## Committee Composition and Elections ##

The Sage Code of Conduct Committee (CoCC) consists of six members. In the event
of a vacancy, the remaining members continue to act notwithstanding the
vacancy; the position may remain unfilled until the next election.

Committee members serve staggered two-year terms. Elections are held annually
to select three members, ensuring continuity of experience within the
committee.

Elections are administered by those current committee members who are not
standing for reelection. If there are not enough such members available, the
outgoing CoCC will appoint a trusted group of community members to oversee the
election.

> Any member of the sage-devel community may nominate any other member, including

Reviewer: Sorry if this is obvious, but it would be nice to add a definition of "sage-devel community" and how to become part of it.

Author: ```suggestion
Any member of the sage-devel mailing list may nominate any other member, including
```

This was the intention. I agree that wording was fuzzy before.

Reviewer: Thank you!

themselves. Additionally, any member of sage-devel may confidentially inform
the election committee that they believe somebody should not serve. After the
nomination period, the election committee will inform each nominee of the
number of such objections received. Nominees who agree to stand will appear on
the ballot. The final candidate list, including the number of objections (if

> any) per candidate, will be published.

Reviewer 2: Thought a minute about this, and could not find a better solution. :-)

Voting is conducted using the method of equal shares.

In the event of resignations or other mid-term vacancies, the committee may
either call an off-cycle election or leave the position vacant until the next

> regular election.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
regular election. Someone who is elected in an off-cycle election will only serve
for the remainder of the term of the committee member they replaced.
```

Suggestion to clarify term lengths for people elected off-cycle.

Author: That was certainly our intention here. I don't mind making this explicit if it clarifies things.

Reviewer 3: I think making it explicit it a good idea, election procedures ought to be completely unambiguous.
